They're almost ready for you,
Miss Goldman.
Perfect.
Okay.
First time in television?
- Why would you say that?
- Oh, nothing.
You'll do great.
- How does my skin look?
- It looks perfect.
You got this.
Listen, you are the best.
Everything is good.
You have nothing to worry about.
Okay?
- Okay.
Okay, good.
Okay, go out there and
show these people who you are.
Okay.
Okay, ready.
Welcome back.
Joining us in the studio today,
aesthetician Hope Goldman.
Hope Goldman is
the owner and namesake
of the Hollywood skincare studio
Hope Goldman Skincare.
Hope, you really are
the American dream.
From a small town,
made it big
as a celebrity facialist.
And now you're launching
your very own line of products.
I wasn't worried,
but thank you.
Hmm.
I heard Brett talking about
how great your products
are, earlier.
- My ears are burning.
- Brett, hello.
- I just wanted to come
and say hi before the taping.
- So good to see you.
I have been telling everyone
how incredible I think
your products are.
I tell you, I am so happy
that you are finally
getting your own line.
It is time people remember
what a pioneer you are.
Mandy, this young lady is
the original skincare queen
in Hollywood,
and soon she's gonna be
a household name.
Alright, I'll see you out there.
Wait, is it true?
Do you make all of this
in Italy?
- Yes, I do.
I know some would say
that creating
the highest-quality products
and then shipping them
from halfway across the world
is not the most obvious
business plan.
But for me, there really was
no other option.
In a business
that's so competitive,
how do you stay relevant?
Oh, well, I don't want to
date myself here,
but reputation is everything
in this business.
And I, um--
I don't see my life,
who I am,
as separate from my work.
Hope Goldman Skincare,
Hope Goldman,
Hope Goldman Skincare.
And I bottled it.
I took everything I learned
from a 20-year career
in this business,
and I bottled it.
- Wow.
Well, I guess all that's left
is, where do we get them?
Because I know
I'm gonna want more.
Well, our official launch is
still two weeks away.
So, for now, just through
my studio, HGS, in Hollywood.
But coming soon
to a store near you.
♪ Dead bull with
the life from the low ♪
♪ I'll be massive conquistador
♪ Give me soul
and show me the door ♪
♪ Metal heavy,
soft at the core ♪
♪ Gimme toro,
gimme some more ♪
♪ Pressurize and neutralize
♪ Deep-fried, gimme some more
♪ Oooh
♪ Ohhh
♪ Space trucking,
four on the floor ♪
♪ Fortified
with the liquor store ♪
♪ This one's down,
gimme some more ♪
♪ Gimme toro,
Um, excuse me, honey.
Hope does not allow
any cellphones in the studio,
so please go outside
if you need to use that.
Thank you.
♪ Shrunken head
I love to adore ♪
♪ B-movie, gimme some gore
♪ Gimme toro,
gimme some more ♪
♪ B-movie, gimme some gore
- Hello!
- Oh, thank you.
Alright. Bye, ladies.
See you soon.
♪ Oh
♪ Yow
♪ Gimme toro,
gimme some more ♪
♪ Yeah
What do you think's opening
over there?
I didn't think we were allowed
to have new neon signs here.
Do you want a new sign?
Maybe if we hadn't ordered
5,000 bottles of toner.
Should I drop this off
at Armen's with the rest?
Yeah. We're out of space, and
he's got room at the garage.
I'll text him,
let him know you're coming.
He's in love with you.
You know, I am gonna go
visit this neighbor,
see what I can find out.
Hope, remember,
you have Colleen at noon.
Oh, she'll be late.
Hello?
Hello? Neighbor?
What is this place?
- Uh, we're not open yet.
- Oh, I didn't, um,,,
Are you here to make
an appointment?
No, I didn't, um...
I'm Hope.
Hope Goldman Skincare,
just across the way.
- Oh, of course.
- Yeah, right over there.
Ah, I'm Angel.
Angel Vergara.
Nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Um, I brought you these.
It's just some of my products.
- Oh.
- You'll love them.
- Thanks.
That's very... sweet of you.
- Yeah.
I developed them in Italy.
- Nice!
I don't know if you have
your own line, but, um,
all those formulas
are copyrighted, though.
That's very smart.
Yeah, I just--
I didn't realize what you were.
What do you mean?
I didn't realize you do skin.
- Jeff didn't tell you that?
- Jeff? No. No.
- Oh.
- Well...
I have a very busy day,
so welcome.
I mean, it's an industry, no?
So...
Yeah.
Listen, I hope you don't think
I'm intruding on your territory.
Why would you even say that?
I don't-- I don't think we
carry the same clientele.
Do you?
- No, no. I don't think so.
- No.
- Cool.
- Good.
And I mean, as we're neighbors,
it's-- it's totally fine
if you park there today,
but I think you're
in one of my spots.
They're supposed to be
for Shimmer customers only.
Nice meeting you.
Why would you lease
the space right across from me
to another facialist, Jeff?
I lease to whoever
can pay the rent on time, Hope.
Okay, obviously, there have
been some complications
with my product line,
and it's costing me.
Didn't think of that before?
I had a backer.
I had a silent partner
who funded the development
and was supposed to float me
right through the launch.
The guy up and disappeared.
I mean, it's not my fault.
Hope, we're trying
to run a business, too.
This is not personal. Okay?
Jeff, come on.
How long have you known me?
- Hope...
- 15 years, Jeff.
And in all that time,
have I not been a good tenant?
Yes, yes, yes, of course. Yes.
- Okay.
But it's not like it was
in the beginning.
I have partners now.
We need the money.
Okay, listen,
I really don't think
I'm supposed to tell you this,
but I have taped a segment
for "The Brett & Kylie Show."
It's airing this week.
Things are about to blow up, right?
I'm right back on track here.
And I brought you...
...your own product,
just for you,
on me, from Italy.
Oh.
Because you're a part of this, too.
Well, thank you.
Alright.
Listen, you got to kick
this Angel guy out, alright?
He's walking around
like he owns the place, Jeff.
Hope, can we deal with
your problem right now,
please, first, alright?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna have it for you
next week.
- Monday, Tuesday?
- Whatever you need, Jeff.
Monday, Tuesday.
Okay, but I'll get
the full 90 minutes?
- Oh, of course.
- Colleen. There she is.
- I know. I'm late.
- Oh, please.
We built it into the schedule
this week.
- It's not my fault.
- Oh.
This one was chattering away,
and we sort of
lost track of time.
I see that. Mm-hmm.
We were being bad.
We were being bad, we were.
You know, you two
should know each other.
He lives in Thai Town.
You're practically neighbors.
- Uh-huh.
- You must be
the miracle worker of Hollywood.
- Hope.
Jordan.
I've heard a lot about you.
Okay, so, what's the verdict?
Am I a lost cause?
Or can you make me
look 19 again?
Well, how old are you?
Unh-unh. 26.
- What? How did--
- Did I tell you or not?
How did you do that?
How did you-- What?
Jordan, you can
entertain Marine.
Are you sure
you don't need my help?
I'm very good with my hands.
- I'm sure you think so.
So, uh, you two are...
Oh, please, he's a baby.
That has never stopped you
before.
I'm not even sure
he's into women.
That's never stopped you
before, either.
Ah, you know young people.
They are so focused these days.
They don't even have time
for sex anymore.
Sounds like me.
I don't know.
He makes me feel...
relevant.
And you wouldn't believe
his story.
He's a real survivor,
you know, like you.
♪ When you go, please don't
leave your love in the sun ♪
♪ My heart will melt away
♪ In the night
with your twisted tongue ♪
♪ When you drop the bomb,
I'm blown away ♪
♪ 'Cause I-I-I-I
♪ Refuse to hide
in a page of this story ♪
Hope?
Jessica! Oh, my God!
I'm sorry.
I'm so gross and sweaty.
It's been too long.
When are you gonna
come see us?
We miss you.
- I know, I know.
I've actually been really busy.
I've just come back
from filming in Azerbaijan.
- No way. Oh, my goodness.
- Yeah, I know. How crazy.
- You are blowing up!
- Thank you.
What about you? How are things?
- You know, I'm great.
I'm-- I'm finally
launching my own line.
Yeah, it's happening.
Hang on.
I know Marine's
been trying to get you products,
but [Gasps] I have a moisturizer
right here!
I see. So fun!
I'd love for you to share it,
and share it online.
I have a reserve supply
for all my VIPs, like you.
- Oh, you're the best!
- You're never gonna run out.
This reminds me, the place
that's just opened--
the skincare place
across the way.
is that-- is that you?
It looks amazing.
Oh, no, that's--
No, that's not.
I actually--
- That's not?
That's-- That's, like, this--
No.
- Oh. Oh, okay.
- Yeah, but...
- Well...
- Here's your tea.
- Thank you so much.
- Well, this looks fantastic.
I will go again,
and I will see you soon.
Alright.
So good to run into you.
Bye.
Oh.
Uh, excuse me.
Uh, do still you sell, um, cigarettes?
- Oh, yeah.
- Can I get a pack?
- Yeah, sure.
- Yeah. For my friend.
- Okay.
Jordan?
Well, I've only been in L.A.
a few years,
but I already think
it's the best.
Everyone here is so,
like, so real and interesting.
That's-- What?
What?
- Okay. Yeah.
I mean, obviously, there's
a whole superficial side
of things.
There is that.
But then there are
people like you.
- Like me?
- Yeah.
- Oh, yeah? What about me?
- You're killing it.
Aren't you, like, starting
your own line or something?
That's what Colleen told me.
- Come by later this week,
and I'll give you
some samples to try.
See, that is exactly
what I'm talking about.
Everyone is so nice,
and they're living their dreams,
and they're really doing it.
- Well, between you and me,
having your own product line,
it's not all that glamorous.
I mean,
the costs are always piling up,
and you always have to bet
what you've already made
in order to keep up.
And I was a baby
when I started all this.
I was just breaking up
with my ex-husband at the time,
and then I just poured
everything into the business.
You know?
That's what you have to do.
- Mm.
- Hmm.
Listen, I've got to
tell you something.
- Oh, no.
- No, no, no, it's not bad.
I promise.
When I first moved here,
I wanted to be a photographer, right?
So I was working as a free P.A.
for all these different
photo shoots.
And there was one photo shoot
that I worked on
called
"The Seven Faces of Wellness."
- Shut up. No, you did not.
- Yes, yes, I did.
- I don't remember you.
- You wouldn't.
I was barely even there.
But I really remember you.
You know, and I just
remember being so inspired...
- Oh, my God.
- ...by how successful you were.
I'm serious, it, like, really
impacted me for work.
- What is work, exactly?
- I'm a life coach.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Some of it is spiritual,
but then I know martial arts,
so I can teach people
self-defense
in addition
to giving them life guidance.
It's all-- You know,
it's all connected.
Oh. Alright,
I need to get going.
Oh, here.
Before you go, here's my card.
Oh.
Who knows?
Maybe I can, uh, help you.
Maybe you can.
Hello?
Hello.
I can hear you. Hello?
Who is this?
Hello?
Hey, Colleen.
- Are you okay?
Oh, I got this weird text
last night,
but my piece
on "Brett & Kylie"
is airing this morning.
Marine and I
are gonna watch it together.
Hope, what are you
talking about?
Well, you know,
Marine is not just my assistant.
She's kind of head of P.R.,
and--
- Hope, Hope, the e-mail.
- What e-mail?
The one where you talk about
how lonely and horny you are.
Excuse me?
Among other things,
I might add.
Oh. Wait. What?
Colleen, what e-mail?
That's-- That's not me.
Well, should I be worried?
Hold on.
This "Dear friends" thing?
"Dear friends, for so long,
I felt an emptiness inside me.
I can no longer keep this--"
Wait.
What the hell is this?
- Were you drunk last night?
- No!
- Hope! Hey.
- Oh, shit.
- Um, Colleen, uh, hold on.
- Hey. Are you okay?
- Hi, Jeff.
Um, yeah, Marine, I know
you need me do that thing.
What thing?
What are you talking about?
- I know. Yeah, yeah, I know.
- I wanted to ask you about...
Marine needs me to do
the thing I promised her,
so I'm going to come by later.
But, hey, don't forget
to watch me
on "Brett & Kylie," okay?
- Alright.
- Okay, great. Hold on.
Hold on. Where did it go?
"I don't feel like myself.
I feel a profound loneliness"?
Jesus Christ!
Sorry, sorry. Thank you.
Okay.
- Keep reading.
"I feel like the inside
of my body is turning to ash"?
What?
"And time is running out.
When I wake up in the morning,
all I want is a..."
Oh!
..."a hard dick"?
- There it is.
- Oh, my God.
"I'm reaching out to you,
all my clients and my friends,
to ask for help.
I am badly in debt,
potentially losing my business."
What?
"And desperately want
someone to fuck my brains out"?
I mean, are you kidding? Oh!
- Oh, Jesus...
- Fuck!
- I mean, excuse me.
- Yeah, exactly. Excuse you.
- Wow.
Are you taking
a new medication?
This is obviously not me.
Someone's using my e-mail.
Well, it says it's from you to
everybody in your address book.
- Oh, my God. Jesus.
- And BCC.
I can see that.
Okay, just what do I do?
- Well, I mean...
- How do I...
Hope, were you
out drinking last night?
I was not, Marine. Obviously.
I mean, Jesus, it doesn't
even sound like me, does it?
Well, it's not me, Marine.
I know, I just...
Answer it.
Hi.
This is
Hope Goldman Skincare.
Okay. Fine. Okay.
Thank you for calling.
- What was it? Who was it?
It's Bet Clarkson.
She-- She canceled.
And Renee, as well.
- Oh, Okay.
Here's what we're gonna do.
You are going to e-mail
everybody.
The entire client list, okay?
And call.
Call them, too,
and explain the situation.
We've been hacked,
and it's no big deal,
but we just wanted to let
everyone know
so there's no confusion.
Right?
Because it's not me.
- Yes. Yes. Got it.
I'm gonna make sure
I change all the passwords.
- Yes, obviously. Right. Okay.
- And, Hope,
as your head of P.R.,
we can handle this.
- Yes.
- Okay?
Alright. Okay. Okay.
Oh, my God. Fuck.
- What?
Margaret.
Margaret got the e-mail. Shit.
Okay, okay,
we can call her first, then.
Yeah, that's good.
That's good. Call her.
- Also, Brett called.
- Oh, call him back.
Call him back right fucking now.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
It's a limited-time offer.
You can drive the car
off the lot...
- There's no answer.
- 0% financing.
Oh, my God.
The show is almost on.
This is going to be
great content.
Are you gonna film me?
- Yes. Are you kidding?
- Oh! Okay.
You look great.
Welcome back.
So, if your skin tells
the world your story,
then our next guest might
just be your new guardian angel.
Angel Vergara joins us today.
He's the owner of Shimmer
the new and, so we hear,
hottest salon in Hollywood.
Thank you so much
for having me.
Oh, my God.
- Now, you're saying
that you are using
technology developed by NASA
on people's skin?
- That is correct, Brett.
I cannot believe this!
This is some bullshit!
- Shh. Quiet.
- At his moment,
we maintain the exclusive rights
to microgravity body chambers,
which can reverse
the effects of aging.
- Reverse?
- Yes, sir.
I don't know any other technique
or any other facialist,
I don't care
how skilled they are,
who can compete.
- That sounds incredible.
It is incredible,
because at Shimmer,
we are the future of skincare.
I'm sure that your new place
is already solidly booked
for the next two months.
- Yes.
How do I get an appointment?
Mm, I think I know someone
who can help.
It's this guy.
- Yeah.
- I think-- I got five bucks,
says it's this guy right here.
That is incredibly good.
What a...
Don't-- No.
Nothing...
Hope?
Aaaaah!
Thanks again for this ride.
I can't find my goddamn keys.
I did not want to be late
to meet this guy.
Oh, my God. No.
I'm so glad that I could help.
That's why I gave you my card.
What's, uh--
What's the meeting for?
Or is that-- is that
top secret?
- Oh...
- Wait, is this--
Am I dropping you off
on a date right now?
Is that what's happening?
- No, no, no, no.
It's just, I'm meeting a guy
from this TV show.
- Wow, that is so cool.
- It's a long story.
This is it, right up here.
- Yeah.
Okay, well,
come by later this week.
- Yeah.
- And I'll hook you up
with everything.
- Oh, my God.
- Alright?
- Okay. Yeah.
- Thanks again.
- Don't mention it.
I'll see you soon.
This Angel guy--
so, he's right there,
and then I get hacked.
I-I'm...
You know how
people love a scandal.
I would have ignored it myself, honestly.
But [Sighs] now
my producers got it.
Oh, Jesus.
And we'd already filmed
Angel's segment,
so they decided
to bump your spot and air his.
I mean, just right
before the product launch.
I mean,
you don't think this is--
it's just so perfect, you know,
can it really be a coincidence?
Well, I don't know about that.
No, I'm not gonna argue
with you
the timing is unfortunate,
but I-I wouldn't read
too much into it.
But the world and,
let's face it, the Internet
is full of sickos.
Beauty is a cutthroat business.
Business is
a cutthroat business.
Are you wearing makeup?
Caught. Guilty as charged.
Yes, I am wear--
I didn't wash my face
after the taping.
I didn't think you'd notice.
Honestly, with
the lighting in there,
I didn't think
anybody would notice.
No, no, no.
I think it looks good.
Thank you.
Gives you nice contouring,
right in there.
They contour a little bit
around the jaw.
No, no,
it gives you definition.
Thank you, thank you.
Of course--
Of course you would clock it.
- Well...
You are so talented.
It's no surprise
that your products are amazing.
Well, I'm so glad
you like them.
And even more glad
you're gonna help
get that segment
back on the air.
Okay, thanks again for dinner.
It was so nice
after such a rough day.
Oh, it was my pleasure.
It was my pleasure.
And I'm gonna do
everything I can
to make sure that your segment
gets on the show next week.
Oh, Brett, thank you.
It's perfect.
My God, you are
just so... fucking hot.
Uh, um, um...
Oh. Hold on, I just, uh...
Marine has been calling me
all night.
I'm sure
she'll be fine.
No, I just missed,
like, so many of her calls.
- It's such a long day.
- I know, yeah.
Um...
Sorry. Um...
Are you married, Brett?
I mean, yeah.
Uh, yes, but, um...
we've been having problems.
Oh.
- Probably gonna get a divorce.
- Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
- It's been hell, it's been hell.
- Yeah.
I know, divorce is so tough.
But you and I--
I thought we had a connection.
I feel that way, too. I do.
I...
But I didn't mean
to mislead you.
I-- It's just your show's
reach is so large
and the product line and...
- Okay.
...this e-mail thing,
and I just knew that you...
How about this?
Let's make a little deal.
I'll get your segment
on the show,
and you... will...
What? I'll what?
You give me a blow job.
Right here in the car?
Or in the house if you want.
Honestly, I don't care.
But this is a pretty good deal, huh?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
We're right in the middle
of something here.
I just-- I was accidentally
recording that.
- What?
- I accidentally--
How do you stop?
There we go, stopped it.
Okay.
Oh.
Sorry.
You have to delete that, obviously.
- Obviously. Yeah, I deleted it.
- You deleted the recording?
- I just deleted it, Brett.
- Can I just see your phone,
just for a second?
- I just told you, I deleted it.
Brett, come on...
- Can I just-- Let me just--
Can I see your phone, please?
- Brett!
How long have you known me?
You know
I would never intentionally
hurt anyone in that way.
Thank you.
You're a good friend.
♪ Once, when spring was new
♪ High on a hill
- Did you forget something?
- I could not find those.
I looked everywhere.
I was late,
and I almost missed it.
But Jordan gave me a ride.
- Jordan?
Was he looking for me?
- No, I called him.
- Really?
- Also, I told him
to come by
for some products this week.
Well, how was everything
with Brett?
Mm. I handled it.
They're gonna air
the segment next week.
Great.
That's even better timing.
Hey, you don't think
this-- this Angel guy
could have gotten into
our e-mails, do you?
What? No.
How would he even do that?
Look, I tried
calling you last night.
We've been getting
some really strange messages.
- Hmm?
- Yeah.
I assumed it was
because of the hacking,
but these aren't coming from
our mailing list.
They're really sexual
and aggressive.
Is Jessica coming in today?
Not that I have in my calendar.
Hope, these messages
are all asking for you,
and they're pretty graphic.
- Oh, what?
Don't forget,
you have Pam soon.
- Oh, my God, I'm so happy.
- I'm so glad to be here.
Oh, oh. Ohhh.
That bitch.
Traitor.
- Uh, what?
What, do you need
your asshole bleached?
- What?
- Excuse me?
Can I help you?
- Are you kidding right now?
Listen, it's nothing.
I'm just here to get a facial.
Jessica, how long?!
How long have
I been helping you?!
- I think you should go.
- Look, it's nothing personal.
- It's fucking personal, Jessica.
- Hope, please. Hey.
Jessica, Jessica,
you walk through there--
Hey, you walk back there
and you are never, ever
allowed in my studio again.
Do you understand?
You're crossing a line
right now.
Jessica, please go in.
I'll be there in a minute.
- Jessica!
- Hope...
- Jessica.
- ...chill.
- Jessica, just come with me.
- Calm down, please.
Good luck
with your cystic acne!
Oh, that's your
fucking problem now, isn't it?
I would appreciate it if
you don't scream at my clients.
Your clients?
Are you proud of yourself?
As you can see,
we're very busy right now,
so if you don't mind...
I'm not going anywhere.
Fuck you!
What the fuck?
Oh, my God.
Hey! Hey!
Did you see who did this?
Huh?
Habla Inglés?
Nothing? No help?
Because I'm calling the police.
Okay?
The police!
911. What's your emergency?
Um, somebody just, uh,
slashed all my tires,
and... I-I need...
I'm at Crossroads of the World
in Hollywood,
uh, in the back parking lot.
Um, I need help.
Is anyone there with you?
Uh, no, I-I'm alone.
I'm all alone.
Ready?
- Yeah.
Thank God you picked up.
I really wasn't sure
if you'd be open.
Aw, we're always open.
You know, pretty scary stuff.
When someone slashes your tires,
that's a clear message.
What's the message?
If I were you,
I'd make a list of my enemies,
go through one by one,
who out there
might want to hurt you.
Right?
I am, um--
I'm getting these messages.
You want a gun?
That's okay.
I'll teach you how to shoot it.
Just think about
getting a gun.
- Be safe, Hope.
- Thank you.
I won't charge you
for the tires.
Oh no, Armen, please.
Let me-- I got it.
Oh, no, no, no. Come on.
You're too good to me.
You know, Hope,
I care about you.
- Yeah, I care about you, too.
- No, no, no.
I want you to know
that if you're in trouble,
you can call me.
I've dealt with some real bad
fucking guys in my time.
That's good to know.
Okay.
Alright, well,
you got new tires on the car.
Your product is safe and sound
in the back.
Maybe one of these days,
you and I should hang out
sometime
outside of this garage.
Good night, Armen.
Good night, Hope.
♪ I am in misery
♪ There ain't nobody
who can comfort me ♪
♪ Oh yeah
♪ Why won't you answer me?
♪ The silence is slowly killing
me, oh, yeah ♪
♪ Girl, you really
got me bad ♪
♪ You really got me bad
So, looking to buy a gun?
Uh, I'm not sure.
Okay, well,
what are you looking for?
Something for self-defense.
Self-defense? Okay, alright.
I got something
perfect for you.
Hold that.
- Okay.
Nice?
Nice and gentle?
Oh.
♪ I am in misery
How's that feel?
Kind of heavy.
It is.
- Um...
- ♪ Misery
♪ The silence
is slowly killing me ♪
How much is it?
It's $579 plus tax.
Jesus,
guns are really expensive.
Get what you pay for, ma'am.
♪ You keep me wide awake
and waiting for the sun ♪
So, uh, let's go to the office,
do your FST,
and then
start your background check?
- Uh, okay. What's FST?
- Fire safety test.
Oh, okay. I'm not--
I'm not good at tests.
It's really easy. It's--
It's more of a formality.
It's not...
And then, the background check,
about 10 days,
and then--
and then she's yours.
Oh, well, I need something
more immediately.
Like, I need something,
like, today.
Oh, okay.
- What about that?
- It's a classic. 30 bucks?
- Hope!
- Oh!
Oh.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to startle you.
- Hey, this is my grandson, Ben.
- Hi.
Yeah, we were just shopping
for some equipment
for a little fishing trip.
- Oh, cool, yeah.
Hi, little boy.
- Hey, Ben,
why don't you go
to the bait counter?
I'll catch up with you, okay?
Hope it was about the, uh--
the rent.
No, no, I--
Jeff that's handled, okay?
Oh, that's great.
Well, I'll stop by tomorrow
and pick it up.
- Okay.
Yeah, I knew
you'd figure it out.
Thanks. Okay.
So, I have a client
that I'm late for.
- Bye.
- Okay. I'll stop by.
Alright, come back.
Margaret, thank you again
for being so understanding
about the e-mail.
Oh, I get it.
I've been hacked before.
Plus, I'd be totally insane to
pass on a free facial from you.
Oh, well, it's my treat.
Your audience
is gonna love these products.
When we're done here,
I'll take you through
the whole line.
Your support
means so much to me.
I'm sorry. Can I help you?
Yeah. I'm looking for
Hope Goldman.
She's with a client right now.
Do you have an appointment?
Oh, yeah.
It wasn't clear to me,
you needed an appointment.
Well, what's your name?
I'd rather not say.
I'm sorry,
we don't do walk-ins.
Is there something
I can help you with?
- I'm here for the posting.
- The what?
For Hope, her posting.
Do you need a facial or...
Yeah. Yeah,
I'll take the whole menu.
I'm-- I'm sure you
can schedule a con--
- Huh?
- A consultation. You can--
Why? Is that part of it?
Now, look,
online it said that--
Sorry, I think there's been
a misunderstanding.
What the fuck is up
with this cocktease bullshit?!
- Uh, Margaret.
- Mm-hmm?
Uh, excuse me.
Just excuse me for one sec, okay?
Yeah, of course.
Just got to go
and see what's going on.
Uh, excuse me?
- Are you Hope Goldman?
How can we help you?
He said he came here
to fuck you.
Fuck is wrong
with you bitches?!
Hey!
Hey, you piece of shit,
you need to get out of here
right now!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey, what's going on?
He said he came here
to fuck Hope.
- What?!
- Marine!
You hard of hearing, dipshit?
What the fuck?!
Get your fucking hands off me!
Don't ever
come to my friends again.
Okay? You understand me?
Get the fuck out of here, bro!
Oh, my God.
You fucking freaks!
I was just trying to get laid.
Click on that first one,
right there.
- This is so fucked.
- Look at all these postings.
Can you click on the one
with the photo?
- What the fuck?
- That's her face.
Someone is trying
to destroy me.
Do you have any idea
who might have access
to pictures of your face?
What do you think?
That's-- I'm a public figure.
She's in magazines, dude.
It's, like, everywhere.
This could just be
a couple of kids
pulling a prank,
but don't worry,
we'll get to the bottom of it.
- What if someone comes back?
What if somebody else
reads one of these
and shows up again?
- Okay.
You know, he got hurt.
He was attacked.
I never give out
my direct line,
but in this case, I will.
Please use it discerningly.
Okay, we're gonna get to work.
Alright, let's head out.
- I mean, that's it.
- Don't worry.
Can we get these
off the Internet?
I'll make sure.
I'm so sorry, Hope,
they keep popping up.
How many pages are there?
They keep coming back.
I don't know.
You've reached
Hope Goldman Skincare.
We're taking a self-care day
today, and you should, too.
We'll be back tomorrow,
booking appointments
and taking preorder
for our new line of products,
available now at the studio
and launching officially
next week.
Leave a message,
and we'll get back to you.
You sit down.
I'll grab the food.
So lucky you were there today.
- Oh.
- I'm just so-- Thank God.
Well, selfishly, I'm thrilled.
I was just coming back
for some samples,
and now I'm getting a face mask.
It's the least I can do.
Can I ask you--
Can I ask you something?
Of course.
Okay, if I were
a client,
what advice would you give me
for my business?
Uh...
Okay, well, I have to warn you,
I'm gonna be honest.
You have to promise
that you won't get offended.
- Okay.
- Promise?
- Yeah, I promise.
- Okay.
Here, give me your hands.
One of your gifts, Hope--
One of your many gifts,
is that you make people
feel really comfortable.
When people are
in your presence,
they feel completely at ease
and relaxed.
But what about the people
who haven't had the chance
to meet you?
You know?
The ones who you really
want to buy your products?
I mean,
your career is legendary, right?
Your products are flawless.
And your story is
inspiring as hell.
Why are these three things
connected?
You have to put Hope Goldman
in front of this business.
There are so many lies about you
on the Internet right now.
We have to counteract
all this terrible shit
and just-- just take control
of your narrative.
Right?
So, what does that look like?
A social-media account for work,
ads online, stuff like that.
But it is also about the work
that we do in real life.
So what I'm thinking is,
we could, I don't know,
like, throw a launch party
at your studio
for your new product line,
where I invite some
of my model friends,
you invite your VIP clients.
It would be amazing.
But more importantly,
it would tell the right story.
You're right.
You're fucking right.
How do we start?
Okay, so, it's not perfect,
but it's a start.
- Hope Goldman Skincare.
- Yeah.
Tilt your head back
just a little bit.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know,
whatever you do to your face,
you should always do
to your neck.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
I told you I used to be
a photographer, right?
You told me you were a P.A.
on some photo shoots.
Did you ever model?
I mean...
You did, didn't you?
You did. I knew it.
- Wow.
- Oh, yeah. Do you see that?
- Yeah. Perfect.
- Look at you.
Look out.
Like, look out to the pool.
Are you kidding me right now?
Yes. Okay.
That's probably the best picture
I've ever taken in
my whole life, right there.
- Let me see.
- Yeah. Your first post.
Oh, wait.
It's getting kind of red.
Yeah, let me
get something for it.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, Hope,
these are incredible.
- Thank you.
- This is-- No, I'm serious.
Look at that.
That's your profile picture
right there.
Okay.
If you say so.
Okay, come here.
That doesn't hurt, does it?
No.
- It's alright. Thank you.
- Oh, fuck.
Hey, Brett,
I was just thinking about you.
Hi, Hope, listen, um,
I'm sorry about what happened.
Um, yeah, hey,
oh, thanks again for dinner.
Um, that was, um,
so sweet of you.
Uh, nice to catch up.
- Yeah, it was, it was.
I'm just wondering,
when do you think
my segment is gonna air?
Look, I-I need to know
that you deleted that recording.
Yeah, I deleted it.
I told you I deleted it.
So, um...
- Okay, here's the thing.
They don't want to air
two skincare pieces
back-to-back.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You said you were gonna
handle this, Brett.
Hope, your reputation isn't
exactly great these days.
Your reputation
has never been great.
Speaking of,
about that generous deal
you offered me the other night,
is that how you book
all your guests, or...
No. Hope, you better
have deleted that, okay?
Recording people
against their will is a crime.
I told you this.
It was an accident, Brett.
And I deleted it.
I mean, God,
why are you being so paranoid?
Listen, I'm on my way
to a meeting right now
with one of the biggest
beauty websites in the world.
And they love my products.
Love.
And you're gonna look like fools
if you don't air
my segment soon.
You know, I should
just call your producers myself
and tell them
about the hacking and e-mails...
- No, no, don't just...
- I'm sorry, what?
- I'll work on it.
- Oh, you will. Oh, great.
Thank you so much, Brett.
Brett, you're the best.
Bye. Oh, God.
Margaret.
- Hope.
- So great to see you.
Thank you so much
for meeting me.
- Of course.
- I will keep this brief.
I know how busy you are.
- Oh.
Um, first, I want to apologize
for what happened.
That was...
- Yeah. Who was that guy?
Someone is trying
to sabotage me.
Um, but the good news is,
I just found out
that my segment
on "Brett & Kylie"
is gonna air next week,
even closer to launch.
- That's great.
- Yes!
And here's what I'm thinking.
I want to do an exclusive
online launch with you
and "Under The Skin."
I just need a small advance
so that we--
Hope, um, listen...
unfortunately,
the site is just--
it's booked
for the next few months.
Yeah, I just found out.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Um...
Okay.
It's just we-- I felt like
we had a plan for...
- I know, I know.
- ...putting the products on...
You know what? I've got to run.
I have this lunch meeting.
When this clears up,
I will get back in touch.
- Okay. Alright.
- Good to see you.
Yeah, Thanks.
Thank you.
Hope, Jeff came by,
looking for you.
Did you tell him
you had the money?
Okay, I can do $1,500
for, like, all of it.
$1,500? Are you joking?
This is great stuff.
This is designer--
all designer.
Uh...
- How old are you? 27?
- Yeah. How did you...
Okay, you seem
like a nice girl.
I'm gonna throw in
my products for you.
I got a serum and a moisturizer.
This is great stuff,
made in Italy.
Okay, I can do $1,750, but
that's, like, the best I can do.
Fine.
That's good. I'll take it.
Okay.
Nice doing business
with you.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, babe, it's Colleen.
Um, I'm just calling to cancel
our facial next Thursday.
I'm gonna be out of town.
By the way, I tried
to watch you
on "Brett & Kylie"
the other day,
but they had some other guy,
called Angel, on.
Turns out,
he's right next to you.
It's weird.
Anyway, um,
I'll talk to you soon.
Hey, Hope, it's Jeff.
I, uh-- I came by today.
You weren't around.
I need the rent, Hope.
Okay?
This can't wait any longer.
Alright? Please call me.
Hi.
I'm calling
in response to the ad
"Kooky dumb seeks
serious submissive."
Margaret.
Call me back.
I'm already hard.
Hey, Hope, it's Armen.
Just checking in to see
how your tires are holding up
and how you're doing.
You know, I'm at the shop
if you need anything,
so just be safe.
Jeff! Jeff!
Jeff!
Jeff, It's Angel.
He-- He's trying to ruin me.
Angel Vergara.
He is trying to destroy me.
He is harassing me.
He's posting things about me
on the Internet.
He-- He had me followed,
Jeff.
Now, can you please send some
officers over to arrest him?
Maybe you should worry less
about what's going on
across the lot
and more about why
you told me a week ago
that you would pay rent
on Monday or Tuesday.
He is obviously threatened
by me.
He's trying to take over
this entire plaza.
- Shh, shh.
- Look, you've had
a great run here,
but we are exploring
a lot of opportunities
with the property.
What?
You know, I poured
everything I had into my line.
Now, the only thing
I have left in this world,
I'm in danger of losing.
- I still don't think
that any of this
is life-threatening.
Maybe it's because
it's not your life.
Because it's my life,
and I feel very threatened!
Angel mentioned to me
that you have been antagonizing
some of his clients.
That's my client, Jeff!
She's my fucking client, Jeff!
Hope Goldman,
unless you can prove to me
this person is willfully and
repeatedly harassing you,
I'm not sure that we should be
of any help at this time.
Jeff, I need you to listen!
Hey, do I have to prove this
to you?
Huh?
You won't be happy
till I'm dead!
Okay.
♪ "Show me, show me, show me
how you do that trick ♪
♪ The one that makes me
scream," she said ♪
♪ "The one that makes me
laugh," she said ♪
♪ And threw her arms
around my neck ♪
♪ "Show me how you do it,
and I promise you ♪
♪ I promise that I'll
run away with you ♪
♪ I'll run away with you
- What?
♪ You, soft and only
♪ You, lost and lonely
♪ You, strange as angels
♪ Dancing
in the deepest oceans ♪
♪ Twisting in the water
♪ You're just like a dream
♪ Just like a dream
Hey, it's Jordan.
Today can be whatever
you want it to be.
Leave a message.
It's me.
I'm outside Angel's house.
That's right,
I followed him home.
I can't see anything,
but I can hear him in there.
He is so fucking sketchy.
I know we can prove this is him.
Call me back, okay?
Call me back.
♪ No regrets, just love
♪ We can dance until we die
♪ You and I,
we'll be young forever ♪
♪ You make me feel like
I'm livin' a teenage dream ♪
♪ The way you turn me on,
I can't sleep ♪
♪ Let's run away and
don't ever look back ♪
♪ Don't ever look back
♪ My heart stops
when you look at me ♪
♪ Just one touch,
now, baby, I believe ♪
♪ This is real, so take a chance
and don't ever look back ♪
♪ Don't ever look back
♪ We drove to Cali and
got drunk on the beach ♪
♪ Got a motel and...
Human beings are
naturally hunters, right?
It's in our DNA.
It is how we were built.
But I look around me,
and I see a lot of people
who have lost sight
of who they are--
right?-- people
who have become sheep,
people
who let themselves be prey.
They go, "Oh,
I don't know what to do today.
I guess I'm gonna
wait for the shepherd."
What I want to focus on today
is remembering
that no matter what happens,
if you can focus
on who you are at your core,
you can take control
of your life.
♪ You make me feel like
I'm livin' a teenage dream ♪
♪ The way you turn me on
He is in there. Let's go.
♪ Let's run away and
don't ever look back ♪
Do you want to be a sheep?
No, you don't.
You want to be a fucking lion.
When you wake up
tomorrow morning,
take control of your life.
I'm serious. You can connect.
You can not only connect,
but you can transcend.
Where's the money?
"Where's the money?"
- Come on, man,
I didn't know she'd have mace.
- Yeah, neither did I.
Sounds like you did good, though.
You did good, man.
- Thanks.
I worked on it in class.
- Okay.
- You still acting?
- No, no, no, no.
I, uh, did a couple auditions
after I got out,
but, uh, I needed something
more meaningful.
So that's what I'm doing
the whole life-coaching gig.
It's fucking taking off.
- That sounds cool.
Yeah. I might need you guys
for another thing soon.
I could even pay you
in life-coaching sessions,
if you prefer.
- Uh...
I'm good with the cash.
- Yeah?
You're...
Yeah.
Um, so, uh...
Well, what you doing now?
I was just in the middle
of something, so...
Alright. Yeah.
See ya.
- I'll hit you guys up soon.
Thank you so much, brother.
How do we find
the elevator to the next level?
It's a great question.
We keep our eyes open,
and we are ready for it
when it appears.
Sometimes you have to
start a fire to put it out.
You have to create a situation
to be the hero,
to be the best version
of yourself.
Success is not an accident.
You have to
fucking get after it.
We need him gone.
He's getting away with it.
The cops aren't doing shit,
and I-I'm feeling...
I have-- I'm--
I'm out of options.
I have-- I have no options.
- It's fucked.
I mean, it's...
- It's so fucked.
It's undeniably fucked.
I don't-- I'm like--
Okay, but, Hope, what if
I moved into the studio?
- What?
- Just until this blows over.
I mean, wouldn't it
make you feel safer
having somebody
with my skill set around?
- I guess that's true.
- Think about it.
I could have my own space
where I work with clients
and I help with your rebranding
in a more official capacity.
- Um...
- I could really help
and make you feel
a little bit safer.
Also--
- What are you talking about?
Jordan, what about Angel?
Angel won't stop
until somebody talks to him.
Exactly. Who is gonna do that?
Why don't you
let me deal with it?
- You would do that?
- Of course.
Okay. Okay.
Been trying to get you
to let me do this for a while.
I'll call you, okay?
- Okay. Call me after.
That's fine, just leave it
there for 5 minutes,
and don't touch your face, please.
I'll be back.
Hey, there.
- Hey, man.
- How can we help you?
Well, I wanted to talk with you
for a moment about, uh...
Is there actually somewhere
more private that we could--
we could speak?
- Sorry to interrupt, Angel.
- Yeah.
- I want to confirm
the filming for next week.
- Uh, which show is that?
The one we're shooting is
the one in New York.
I think I can do it
on Thursday morning,
but we need to check
the flights for New York.
Okay.
Sorry.
When it rains, it pours.
Fuck, man,
you are blowing up.
Thank you.
You were saying?
My name is Jordan Weaver,
and I'm a life coach, right?
Uh-huh.
I'm extremely proficient
in martial arts,
so my work is all about
combining the mental
with the physical.
I wanted to discuss
potential partnership
where I could offer
my services to your VIP clients.
Listen, I think that we could be
very helpful to one another.
What sort of help do you need
around here?
Here is my card.
- I don't need any help.
And I don't know who you are.
- I'm a life coach.
Yeah, I don't care.
You need to leave.
Now.
- Sure. Perfect.
Stupid little fuck.
Hey, Hope.
Yeah, it's all taken care of.
It's over.
Now he's not gonna be
a problem anymore.
Oh, relax.
He's not gonna be
a fucking problem anymore, okay?
No. Hey, hey, hey, Hope.
Yeah, it's all taken care of.
Shouldn't be
a fucking problem anymore.
Yeah, should have
fucking seen him.
Fucking embarrassment,
fucking...
What happened?
What did he say? What happened?
- I took care of it. It's over.
- Oh, my God! Really?!
You're incredible.
He admitted it?
He admitted to it?
He is not gonna be
a problem anymore.
Everything is fine.
I've just got a little work
to finish up here,
and then I will come over
in a few
and tell you everything.
Oh! Oh, God! Okay.
Hope you have champagne.
Oh! Okay. Okay.
I'll see you soon.
Okay. Alright.
Hey! Get out of my house!
Get out!
Hope?
I'm so glad you called.
I was-- I just--
- Listen to me!
I was fucking attacked.
You told me you took care of it!
- What?
What are you talking about?
Well, Hope, slow down.
Don't fucking tell me
to slow down, okay?!
That's impossible.
That doesn't--
That doesn't make any sense.
- You said this was over,
but all you did
was make it worse!
This has gone too far!
- What do you mean,
he attacked you?
I-I literally handled it.
You didn't fucking handle it,
obviously!
If you fucking handled it,
then why is Angel's guy
in my house?!
I don't know, Hope.
Just don't worry.
Everything's gon--
It's gonna be okay.
I'm gonna come over,
and we'll figure this out.
Alright?
- Do not come over.
Just stay the fuck out of it.
I'm gonna handle it myself.
I don't need you.
- Why? W-W-Wait.
He's trying to intimidate me
by sending me these videos.
This is disgusting.
And then this guy
is in my house.
I just--
I don't know what to do.
Hey, hey, you did the right
thing by calling, okay?
Listen, I want to be clear
about one thing.
I don't want you talking
to anybody about this anymore.
Okay?
I got it.
Don't talk to anybody
about this anymore.
You hear me?
Nothing bad is gonna happen
now that I'm involved, alright?
I'm gonna take care
of everything, okay?
Um...
But I don't want anyone
to get hurt.
Oh, no.
No one's gonna get hurt.
The most important thing is that
this guy, this guy right here,
is not gonna fucking
bother you anymore.
Um...
Hey, uh, I-- I want you
to have this.
Um...
- It's moisturizer.
- Yeah, we--
we got about a thousand of these
in the back, remember?
Yeah, it's...
But this one's... just for you.
Okay.
Alright.
Come by in a few days.
This will all be
a distant memory, Hope.
Thank you, Armen.
♪ All my life
♪ Girl, I've been mistreated
♪ You will never look my way
Well, you're in a good mood
today.
Am I?
Oh.
It's just Jordan again.
Should I tell him
you're not here?
- Oh, yeah. Just ignore it.
- Oh.
He told me
you guys got in a fight,
but he sent this package to you.
You can open it.
Hmm.
Ooh!
Well, that was nice of him.
This will look good on
the back wall, don't you think?
No, I'll just bring it home.
- Hope.
- Hmm?
I'm worried about you.
Oh, I'm fine.
Seriously, I need you
to keep it together.
I can't have you falling apart
right now.
We're way too close.
- Oh. I know we're close.
No, I mean, we're close to
everything we've worked towards.
I'm here
because I believe in this
and I believe in you.
I've spent my whole career
working around your dream.
Well, now it's my dream, too.
- Oh, honey, honey.
I know, I-- I know.
Thank you.
- No, I...
- I know.
Do not mess this up
for yourself.
Do you understand?
I'm not gonna mess this up.
I promise.
Hello.
Miss Goldman,
this is Detective Emerson
at the
Hollywood Police Department.
Are you at your office
right now?
Uh-huh, I am.
I'll be there in 5 minutes.
Meet me in the parking lot.
Are you coming to arrest Angel?
Meet me in the lot.
Miss Goldman!
Over here, please.
Uh, what is this about?
I just want to
show you something.
It's just, I'm--
You know, I'm really busy.
I need you to see this,
and I'm not asking.
Please.
Okay.
Sorry. What is this?
What am I looking at?
This is, um, footage
from the security camera.
W-What secur-- Where?
What security camera?
Right up there.
Okay, we can find the spot.
Right there. See that guy?
That guy?
He is tying his shoe.
- Oh. Yeah.
- Hang on.
There.
So?
Anyone you know?
That neighbor
you were telling me about?
No, no, it's-- That's not him.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Uh, we're gonna
circulate this photo
around the neighborhood,
and I'll let you know
if anything comes up.
- That's good, yeah.
Good. Okay.
Thank you again.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm just so busy, so...
Alright, if I hear anything,
I'll let you know.
Yep.
Hey, it's Jordan.
Today it can be
whatever you want it to be.
Leave a message.
Jordan, pick up
my fucking calls, goddamn it!
I know you're fucking there.
I know you are.
Call me back. You owe me.
Call me back!
- What's up, brother?
- What's up, man?
- Good to see you.
- Yeah.
I need you for that thing
that I was telling you about.
Okay? And your buddy?
- Chris?
- Yes. Yes, exactly.
- What do you want us to do?
Just like last time,
but this time, bigger, okay?
Her house,
day after tomorrow, 5:45.
I show up at 6:00,
save the fucking day.
And then you guys
are out of there
before anything bad happens, okay?
Here's the address right there.
Is it more of that
life-coaching stuff?
Fuck yeah, man.
It's getting fucking huge.
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
It's Armen.
Armen, hey, it's Hope again.
I've called you four times.
Where are you?
Um, listen, I--
I need you
to just forget about that thing
that we talked about, right?
You can just forget about it.
I-I'm okay.
Um...
stay where you are,
and please call me back.
- Angel Vergara?
- Yeah. How can I help you?
Oh! No, please, please,
take whatever you want!
- You know who Hope Goldman is?
- What?!
Hope Goldman!
You know who she is?!
Yes, I know who she is,
but I don't give a fuck
about her.
No! Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh!
You fucking go near her again,
I swear to God,
I'll fucking kill-- Oh!
Oh, fuck.
- Hey, can I call you right--
- Where have you been?
Uh, I'm just leaving a meeting.
Why haven't you answered
my calls?
I tried you all night.
- I didn't get any calls
from you.
- You need to come to see me.
Come-- Come to my office.
- What about tomorrow night?
Maybe, like 6:00, your house?
- No, no, now!
Now.
Everything is fucked.
What do you-- what do you
mean, everything's fucked?
I mean, I need to see you
in person, okay?
I mean, something bad
happened to Angel.
Okay?
- Okay, what happened?
What happened to Angel?
- It's come way out of hand.
Okay, so, I need you
to come see me in person.
Hello? Jordan?
Jordan!
Oh.
Aw, it's okay.
- Hollywood Police Department.
- Hi. Hello.
Um, I would like
to make an anonymous tip
about a crime
I believe has been committed.
Hope Goldman of
Hope Goldman Skincare--
she's been targeting
and stalking her neighbor,
Angel Vergara,
and acting very erratically.
I just think something bad
might have happened,
and I want to see
anybody get hurt.
Thank you.
Hello.
Hope Goldman Skincare.
How can I help you?
What? When?
Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
Thank you for calling.
Hope? That was Anto.
Armen was killed last night.
He was in a car accident.
Cancel all my appointments.
Yeah, I-I don't feel well.
I got to go home.
- Okay.
Just stay there.
- Are you Hope Goldman?
- Uh, yeah.
What's, uh-- What's, uh--
Did something happen?
We're letting the neighbors
know
there's an active investigation.
Angel Vergara was attacked
last night.
At the moment,
he's in the hospital
in critical condition.
We don't know at this time
whether it was random
or if he was a target.
Okay.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
You must know him.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, he's a great guy.
He's a great guy.
Um, thank you.
- We'll be in touch.
Okay.
Hope, what's going on?
Hope?
Jordan.
This is all his fault.
It is?
Yeah.
Nobody even knows
where he lives.
Maybe Colleen?
Maybe we can find him.
Um, Hope?
I know where he lives.
Marine?
I'm sorry.
Am I fired?
Where does he live?
Hope! Oh, my God.
Thank God you're here.
- You fucked me.
What-- What are you
talking about?
Hey.
- Don't come closer!
Stay right the fuck there.
Hope, I need to tell
you something.
I know things have gotten
so crazy.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Okay, no, Hope,
I'm in love with you.
- Fuck you, Jordan!
- You know, that's why
I've gotten involved
in all of this, okay?!
And now Angel
is fucking after me.
Angel is in the hospital,
in critical condition!
- What?
- How fucking stupid are you,
getting caught on camera,
slashing my tires?!
I don't know what you did,
Hope.
Get the fuck out of here.
Oh, Jesus!
- Oh!
- Fucking damn...
What do you want from me?!
You want money?!
I don't have any!
You asked me to do this!
You said
that you needed my help!
Did you conveniently
forget about all that?!
Huh? Fuck!
How could I be so stupid?
Because you are
a dumb, pathetic bitch
who only cares about herself,
constantly complaining
about-- Oh!
Fuck! Ow!
Ow! Fucking bitch!
Oh, fuck.
Hope Goldman,
this is the police!
Come out with your hands up!
I'm coming!
- Open the door!
Coming in!
Look! Over here!
Over here!
Okay, over here!
- We spoke to your friend Jordan.
- Friend?
I barely know that guy.
I've spoken 15 words to him.
You know, he's stalking me.
He met me on a photo shoot
three years ago,
and he's been in love with me
ever since.
He's the one
who slashed my tires,
in case
you haven't figured that out.
And he's been in jail.
I don't know what he's
capable of,
but he's done this kind of thing
before.
Also, can you please
do me a favor
and-- and you know,
you left--
don't leave the door open.
My products are in there, and
they're worth everything to me.
And they're super nice,
you know?
So can you just, like, make sure
that they're locked up and safe?
Yeah, we'll get someone
right on that.
And you know, if you want to
take a moisturizer, you should.
All of you, really.
They're unisex,
and they're amazing.
You're gonna love them.
Fuck, man. Jesus Christ, dude.
Well, okay, okay, okay.
Everything I did,
she asked me to, okay?
She asked me to slash
her fucking tires.
You got the wrong fucking dude, okay?
She's crazy.
Look what she did
to my fucking face.
It's open.
Hello?
Hope Goldman?
No one's here.
♪ Thank you
Hey, isn't that
the lady from the news?
Hello. Shimmer.
Okay. Thank you.
Hey, Angel. Hey.
Wait, wait, wait.
Fucking asshole.
Help us out, help us out.
Why did anybody try to hurt you?
Mi amor, mi amor.
Why did Hope Goldman tried
to have you killed?
Hey, get the fuck out of here.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Are you ready?
- Love you more.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
Watch me on the monitor.
Make sure I don't shine, okay?
I'll look out.
- She deleted it.
- Thank you.
Coming up, an exclusive
on the story Brett and I
can't stop talking about.
Although the exact truth
remains unclear,
it's safe to say
that the owner
of the suddenly hottest line of
Italian-made skincare products
is facing
some serious controversy.
Hello.
Oh, I already told you,
that's the last we have of it.
No, I'm not trying
to argue here.
I just want you to understand,
the best I can do
is put you on a wait list
until next season.
That's right, they're calling
her the killer facialist.
And with good reason.
And right here,
we have exclusive footage
of aesthetician Hope Goldman,
who allegedly hired a hitman
to take out her rival.
And that exclusive footage
in an interview
taken by Kylie and me...
- I remember that.
...just weeks before the crimes
that rocked
the Hollywood community.
Pretty dark stuff.
- Yeah.
Skincare is not just about
how you look.
Hmm.
For me,
it's about inner confidence,
uh, putting the best version
of yourself out into the world.
I don't even think it's about
the skin you start out with.
I think it's about
what are you willing to do
to get to where you want to be.
It's about taking control
of your life.